[RFC] .github: add issue template for releases. (#261)
cncf-tags/container-device-interface: RELEASE.md

# Release Process

The release process is documented in the [issue template for new releases](.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/new-release.md).

> If you plan or propose a new release, [please open a new issue](https://github.com/cncf-tags/container-device-interface/issues/new?template=new-release.md) for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan or propose a new release:

1. [Open a new issue using the template](https://github.com/cncf-tags/container-device-interface/issues/new?template=new-release.md) for it.
1. Follow the steps as drescribed in the issue.
1. If required, create PRs or issues in clients referencing the release issue to update their dependencies.
```
